(SHIKADAI) Great job today.
...field trip leader...
Hey, Iwabe... no more running
off by yourself anymore. 'Kay?
Hmph!
I mean, damn; getting tangled up
with that weird guy...
If we hadn't been around, there
would've been a throw down for
sure.
Sorry 'bout that.
Some people in this town tend
to get a little too upset when
outsiders come to the island.
Ah that's alright; no worries!
I'm sure there are guys like
that everywhere.
Besides, then this really strong
local guy came along and stopped
him.
A strong local guy?
(CHO‐CHO) Please, who cares
about that?!
What really matters is, where
are we going to next?
Oh... Actually, I'm taking all
of you to meet someone very
special.
Someone like... a handsome man?
(SARADA) Oh, Cho‐Cho, give it a
rest.
My, My...
[gasp]
Well look at all of these cute
visitors you brought.
The former Mizukage... Lady Mei.
She was part of the Great Ninja
War effort, and later,
helped lay the foundation for
the village's growth and
expansion.
Awww, stop that's all in the
past. [chuckle]
Huh?
This era... will be defined by
young people like you.
We adults have already had our
day in the sun.
Right Kagura?
Uh...
No, I... actually...
[sigh]
Hm?
(MEI) Ah! We've arrived.
Huh?
(KAGURA) Excuse us.
Whoa...!
Everyone's here.
Thank you very much.
It's nice to meet you. I am
Chojuro, and I am the current
Mizukage.
Thank you for traveling so far
from the Hidden Leaf to the
Hidden Mist Village.
I'm honored to have you all
here,
...So, my colleagues and I
agreed that we would be the
hosts for this special...
...field trip with the
belief that it would promote
development between our
villages, and foster
mutual goodwill.
Yes, peace...
[yawn]
C'mon; pay attention!
I know, but gimme a break.
Basically, all he's saying is
let's get along, right?
But he's rambling on forever...
[yawn]
Boruto!
Ugh, we might as well be sitting
inside a classroom, right?
[clearing throat]
[startled grunts]
I‐ um, what I meant‐ uh,
sorry...
Quite alright. It can be rather
tiresome.
In fact‐ I think so too.
Huh?
Huh? [gasps]
He's right. All I've really been
trying to say is, let's all get
along.
It's really a very simple idea.
But adults always need to turn
everything into a long speech!
The past can be hard to explain.
The truth is our villages were
once mortal enemies.
Back then, we caused so much
bloodshed
that we were actually called
"the Blood Mist Village".
However, your destiny will be
different.
[gasps]
You have faith; that tragic
histories like ours can be
easily overcome...
...and that a bright new future
can be forged from the ashes.
[happy sigh]
[grunt]
All the Hidden Mist asks... is
for your friendship.
Now please... go outside and
look around, and have as much
fun as you can!
Thank you!
[chattering]
Oh man, I got so tongue‐tied!
Come on! The trip leader
shouldn't be dawdling!
[grunt] Yeah I know that!
[scoff]
(CHOJURO) Wait... one moment,
Kagura.
Yes, what is it?
Perhaps... you would consider
giving it a try once again?
What i was saying earlier in my
speech... That was really aimed
towards you.
You're my ideal person to lead
the charge to build a future
with the Hidden Leaf.
For in due time, I want to pass
it on to you.
I'm afraid I'm not suited for
leading the village.
I must return to the students.
Excuse me...
[sigh]
[chattering]
Please, everyone wait here a
moment while I check us in.
Then I'll show you our village's
notable sites.
(CHO‐CHO) He seems like a man
with great prospects for the
future.
Wait, you mean Kagura?
Who else would I be talking
about?
He's kind, considerate... best
of all, he's competent!
(MITSUKI) Kagura Karatachi...
He only became a Hidden Mist
Chunin two years ago.
And, he's a top aide to the
Sixth Mizukage.
You know a lot about him!
Hidden Sound rumors. That's all.
And? Anything else?
He's in line to be the head of
the new Seven Ninja Swordsmen of
the Mist.
Also, for the current Mizukage's
sword, Hiramekarei's successor.
[gasps]
Wait, the Seven Ninja Swordsmen?
Uh, of the Mist?
Huh? Who are they?
Wow, you really have no interest
in history at all, do you?
What a drag...
Listen up.
There are Seven Hidden Mist
Shinobi Swords passed down since
the First Mizukage.
The shinobi who are able to
wield these mystical swords...
are known as the Seven
Ninja Swordsmen of the Mist.
From everything I've heard...
Together, those ninja are
capable of bringing down an
entire nation.
So in terms of the Leaf, we're
talking about people from
Advisor Kakashi's class?
(SHIKADAI) In other words...
they're monsters...
[chewing]
[gasp] That guy, huh?
Ahhh! Then he's got a
picture‐perfect future!
Finally, a man worthy of
courting me has come along.
[sigh]
Judging by titles, Boruto's just
like him, then.
Yeah, but a title's really just
a fancy name. [chewing]
Potato chips are simply fried
potatoes. But all of them have a
different taste!
Hmmm...
(KAGURA) Thanks for waiting!
Huh?!
First thing's first. Come on,
I'll show you the Hidden Mist
Academy.
Whoa!
(REFEREE) One point!
I knew it! Their sword style's
incredible!
Uh‐huh...
On top of that, they're on an
unstable liquid surface.
Man, that's so crazy!
I know!
Thank you very much!
Well, what'd you think of that?
Wow! That was totally amazing!
We do taijutsu too, but our
kenjutsu is nowhere near that
good.
How would you like to take part
in an official match?
Heck yeah, I would!
Oh, Kagura...
Yes.
(CHOJURO) Be his opponent.
Oh... But, I...
You are both shinobi.
If you're to be friends, it
wouldn't be a bad idea to learn
one another's strengths.
Yeah, I'm in! What do you say?
Well, in that case, I suppose...
[giggles and ah's]
Do you prefer the match be on
solid ground?
Either way. Since we're in the
Mist, I'll go with the flow.
I'll manage somehow.
'Kay! I'm ready!
Doin' good, Boruto!
He's a natural when it comes to
things like this.
Go, Boruto!
[crowd cheering]
Now, ready... begin!
I‐ I can't find a single
opening. Damn it.
What's he waiting for? Why
doesn't he attack?
Because he can't yet.
To be Mizukage, the shinobi
must best all the others.
The Seven Ninja Swordsmen are
the ones who rank closest.
Oh, I see...
So being chosen as a Seven Ninja
Swordsman means
you're already pretty close to
being the strongest shinobi...
Is that right?
[crowd cheering]
(CHO‐CHO) Boruto, go for it!
(DENKI) Get him, Boruto!
[gasp]
[panting]
At this point, it's sink or
swim.
[attack yell]
[grunt]
Ah!
[crowd gasps]
[scoff]
Wait, Iwabe...
Whoa... No way.
Aw, man... You totally got me.
You're really strong, Kagura!
[dazed panting]
Uh...? What's the matter?
[groggy breaths]
Oh... it's nothing, I'm alright.
But, thank you.
Though, if ninjutsu was allowed,
who knows?
[chuckle] Your face hardly shows
the effort!
No, that's not true! The current
favored me, that's all.
[chattering]
No wonder he's a Seven Ninja
Swordsmen candidate.
(INOJIN) Nobody else is here,
right?
So, then, is the next Mizukage
going to be you, Kagura?
Hey, what's the mater, Kagura?
[nervous chuckle] I promise you,
nothing's wrong.
There's no way I deserve to have
that honor.
Right now, the only thing that
matters is my duty.
[sighs and giggles]
Okay everyone, we're taking an
afternoon break on the beach,
and then we'll head to
the memorial park.
Huh?
[chattering]
(BORUTO) Hey, Pops, I'd like one
of these.
(SHOPKEEPER) Here you go!
Just one is fine.
Share the other one with your
friends.
Not from around here,
huh?
Well, thank you!
What the‐‐ Where did everybody
else go?
Oh, well...
[chewing] So good! Huh?
Here, want one?
Uhh...
Uh, what is that?
It's squid. It's good, try it.
Oh, that's not exactly what I
meant...
The guy gave me an extra one.
I like it here. The scenery, the
people... Is this place great,
or what?
It is so impolite to talk with
your mouth full. Didn't your mom
ever teach you any manners?
You want it or not?
I just said...
(Stomach Growl)
Give it here.
[chewing]
Oh! it's so good!
Yeah, right?
(KAGURA) Ah, I'm so pleased.
Huh?
To be honest, I was worried our
local specialties would be too
simple to suit your tastes.
Our village is surrounded by
nothing but mountains and
forests,
so getting to eat this is
awesome!
Mhm.
I see. I'd like to visit one
day.
Nothing to see there except
boring countryside.
[chuckle]
'Til a few years back, this
place had nothing to do or see,
either.
Really? You serious?
Yeah. A poor fishing village
with so little, the breeze could
blow it away.
And not just here... The whole
village was poor.
But then, Lord Chojuro took
over, and changed it all.
He made life better, and more
prosperous for everybody.
You must love the village the
way it is currently, Kagura.
Yeah.
And that's why...
We must ensure that we never
regress back to the era when we
bore the shame...
of that infamous name.
Long ago, when people used to
refer to us as the Blood
Mist...
We were forced to kill each
other to pass our graduation
exam.
It was during the era of the
Fourth Mizukage.
It's said that no day passed
without bloodshed.
Our past was gruesome beyond
measure.
[sigh]
But today, we are now known as
just the Hidden mist. No more
slaughter‐
(IWABE) Oh, come on...
It wasn't really that long ago.
Iwabe...?
My grandpa, for example...
Fought with Yagura Karatachi,
the Fourth Mizukage, and he was
murdered...
[gasp]
[gasps]
That's the shinobi world...
Things like that happen.
But my dad always used to say
he'd never forgive the Hidden
Mist for killing my grandfather.
[sigh]
It's not only about the past.
It's about people who are alive
today, as well.
Even we managed to get caught up
in it earlier.
I'm sorry.
What are you apologizing for.
[sneer] That is exactly what's
so irritating about you.
I won't let anyone gloss over it
like nothing happened,
but what right do you have to be
sorry when you weren't even
there?
You're messing with us, aren't
you?! Just like that thug we ran
into before.
Answer me! What's up with you
Blood Mist frauds?
Hey, Iwabe!
(TSURUSHI) Shut up, all of you!
[grunt]
Just who do you think you are?
Hey, these guys are outsiders.
Oh, right. You brats are
visiting from the Hidden Leaf...
Hachiya?
Hmph.
Oh look, Kagura, another wimp.
Are you the one in charge here?
Wagging your tail like a dog at
the outsiders.
This is none of your business.
Don't be stupid; sure it is!
'Cause aren't you a contender
for the Seven Ninja Swordsmen
of... the Blood Mist?
Yeah and what of it?
I'll tell you what of it‐ if you
bow to them, they'll mess with
us too!
In fact, these outsiders' got
some nerve walking around The
Blood Mist Village!
Told you. What a bunch of
losers.
Sounds like our 'nerve' is a
problem for you.
Huh?!
Hey, knock it off, Iwabe. Are
you trying to ruin the field
trip for all of us, or what?
Back off, Boruto!
I'm the field trip leader,
remember? If people act stupid,
I gotta stop 'em.
(TSURUSHI) Oh, I get it. It is
you.
The spoiled brat of the Uzumaki
Clan.
You leave my parents out of
it.
Why should I?
After all, if we can bring you
down, then that means we're
gonna be real famous!
[grunt and gasp]
[gasps]
Just remember, you guys started
this fight first!
[pained grunts]
[grunt and battle cry]
What'll it be, Blood Mist? It's
up to you.
[terrified squeal]
Hold on a second!
It's too late. We have to teach
'em a lesson now, or they're
gonna be trouble later.
No, if you do this, we'll be the
ones who'll end up in trouble.
[grunt]
[strained grunt]
Damn it‐!
We... we'll let you go this
time, but watch your backs!
[panicked breathing]
[roar and panting]
Stereotypical delinquent types
in this day and age?
That's right, scram! Don't ever
show your face around here
again, you hear me?!
Look‐‐ we've got one of our own.
He's a national treasure.
Kagura, how's your hand is it
okay?
[gasp]
[chuckle] Just a scratch it's
nothing.
[gasp] Let me see it!
Everyone, I'm sorry I got you
involved in this messy
situation.
And you...
You were absolutely right.
But still, you must let me
apologize. I'm sorry.
[grunt]
(SHIZUMA) Well?
[whimpering]
(SHIZUMA) You got your butts
kicked and slunk back here with
your tail between your legs.
(TSURUSHI) Uh... no, not
exactly... I mean...
it's just
that Kagura, he...
[pained yelp]
(SHIZUMA) No excuses.
[trembling breath] Y‐Yes.
(SHIZUMA) You must show them how
we really do things in the
Blood Mist Village.
Yes... Sir!
Now, then...
I wonder how Kagura will react
to this?
I can't believe I found a place
that sells discontinued items!
[giggle]
So heavy... I bought too much.
Huh?
[straining]
Hm? [muffled scream]
(TV ANNOUNCER) The ninja
Kagemasa...
(BORUTO) Denki hasn't come back
yet. And it's almost time for
dinner.
I wonder what's keeping him?
You're right, he's a little too
late.
Hm?
Huh?!
...the hell?!
Whoa!
(SHIKADAI) It's a Water Style
Jutsu!
Your little friend is with us.
If you want him back alive, come
to Pier number four.
They kidnapped him!
[muffled struggling and
screaming]
[gasp]
Hey! You won't get away with
this! Just let me go!
Huh?!
Do you want to die, kid?!
You don't have the guts to kill
me, you're way to chicken!
You shut up!
[terrified squeal]
Besides, now we gotta go beat
the Hokage's son to a pulp. We
have a reputation to keep up,
And you're the bait we're luring
him with. Ya got that?!
But, that's... are you saying
that...
Boruto!
(BORUTO) We have to go save
Denki right away!
(KAGURA) Not yet. We should tell
Lord Chojuro.
(BORUTO) No, we can't!
If this thing gets out of
hand, our field trip will
totally be cancelled!
We'll make sure this
doesn't turn into a big deal.
So please help us, will ya?
You're a pretty strong guy,
don't you think we can do this
without relying on the adults?
(KAGURA) I'm not...
(BORUTO) Next time, on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: "A
Shinobi Bout of Friendship"
Kagura! What's wrong?